[Music]
[Applause]
hello this is Rick Goodson with airgun
web combo here at the 2015 shot show at
Las Vegas at the
uberx USA booth to talk to Richard
Turner about some of these new Walther
guns Richard what you got going on
actually on what we had is with Walther
we started last year with an extremely
successful introduction of Walther brake
barrel air rifles you know Walter has a
tremendous history in the air rifle
category all the way up to the Olympic
level rifles but for the US market what
we wouldn't really look at is some made
in our German factory some brake barrels
and some under level rifles for 2015 and
I know for a fact that a certain person
I know Mabel you yeah I got an early
look at the LGU our new under lever and
tremendously if I could talk a little
bit about the LGU it's probably the
finest spring gun out of the box I
didn't hear what you said when it was it
was it is probably the finest spring air
gun that out of the box that I've ever
shot proud I couldn't be more pleased I
was extremely impressed with it is a
phenomenally good shoot gun absolutely
traditionally an under lever gun in here
with our rotating piston system than you
find in the LGV series of air guns a
tremendous tremendous excitement about
that from those target shooters for
those shooters who are looking for a
definitive under lever gun but also a
couple of things out for this year just
showing up be in the market in the
middle of March this year is the new
terror series from Walter now this is a
German made lifetime warranty break
barrel we're a thousand feet per second
in 177 800 feet per second in 22 ah
beautiful new gun the nice thing about
the terrace is if you've ever dreamed of
owning that European that German made
great barrel air rifle $269 is what we
were expecting to see it in the market
for tremendous accuracy
tremendous design and quality in this
when you shoulder it really shoots
really a really great shooting gun if
they've transferred some of the
technologies from like the lgd LGU to
these new guns and from what I've been
told they have then this is going to be
a really nice shooting airgun absolutely
what we want to do is give give someone
a chance to get them into the fine
precision shooting high in air
rifles the terrace is a perfect way to
get in there not only in wood but a lot
of people want to take these out and
perhaps put a little more abuse in them
out in the woods everything so we built
out a because I'm okay without you mind
right here they would also a synthetic
stock where we've taken the pork in and
we've widen that grip to make it fit a
little bit easier in the hand right
there which we've had some interest from
some shooters about a feature like that
so we're really excited about the new
walter air rifle server for 2015 now
imma tell you based on feedback we've
got here the shot show consumers are
excited and dealers are excited about it
as well well I'm going to be really
excited as as a consumer and as a
reviewer because it is that German
quality and the price point is such that
sources you know there's some other
German rifles that are twice as much
absolutely and there's some that are
compete in the same area but any
competitions a good thing keeps
everybody honest absolutely you know we
wanted to over deliver for the consumer
for the user out there infer the shooter
and we're really excited about these
guns well if I said if it if it lives up
to the Walther name like the others to
other products have it will definitely
over deliver so now I'm very excited
about this awesome Richard I'll let you
put that back
absolutely I'll go ahead and shake your
hand and tell you thank you so much for
letting us come to the booth and see all
your new stuff this year man always
great to have you in we're really
excited about 15 and not you know why as
always there's always more stuff in the
works I appreciate it again this is Rick
you tune with Aragon Webb calm thanks
for watching
[Music]